Questions
What is an Object?
What is Encapsulation?
What is Abstraction?
Which are Access Specifiers?
What is Inheritance?
How can you implement multiple inheritance in C#?
Are private class members inherited from the derived class?
What is Polymorphism?
What is method Overloading?
When and why to use method Overloading?
What is method Overriding?
What is a Constructor?
Describe some of the key points regarding the Constructor.
What is a Private Constructor?
Can you create an object of class with a private constructor in C#?
What is the use of a private constructor in C#?
What is the use of a static constructor in C#?
What is Destructor?
What are Namespaces?
What are Virtual, Override, and New keywords in C#?
What is the difference between Struct and Class in C#?
What is Interface?
Why to use Interfaces in C#?
What is Implicit interface implementation?
What is Explicit interface implementation?
What is an Abstract class?
Describe the Abstract class in detail.
What is the difference between Abstraction and Encapsulation?
Can Abstract class be Sealed in C#?
Can abstract classes have Constructors in C#?
Can you declare abstract methods as private in C#?
Can abstract classes have static methods in C#?
Does the Abstract class support multiple Inheritance?
Abstract class must have only abstract methods. Is it true or false?
When do you use Abstract Class?
Why can Abstract class not be Instantiated?
Which type of members can you define in an Abstract class?
What is Operator Overloading?
Is it possible to restrict object creation in C#?
Can you inherit Enum in C#?
Is it possible to achieve Method extension using an Interface?
Is it possible that a Method can return multiple values at a time?
What is Constant?
What is read-only?
What is Static?
What is Static ReadOnly?
Can “this” be used within a Static Method?
What are Design Patterns in .Net?
What are the Types of Design Patterns?
What are the key Benefits of using Design Patterns?
What is the difference between Static class and Singleton instance?
Can you serialize Hashtable?
Why is the Singleton pattern considered an Anti-pattern?
What is Encapsulation and data hiding in C#?
What is the use of the Yield keyword in C#?
How to catch multiple exceptions at once in C#?
What is the use of the IDisposable interface in C#?
What is Property in C#.net?
What are accessors?
What is Partial Class?
What is Sealed Class?
What are Sealed Methods and Properties?
How to call a base class constructor from the derived class in C#?
What is a base keyword?
What are the Benefits of Three Tier Architecture?
What is the Difference between Design Patterns and Architectural Patterns?
What is Constructor Chaining in C#?
What is the difference between this and base in C#?
